Update UG (fix inaccurate commands, improve ordering) (#128)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W13-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

- `delete member 2` will delete the second member of the current team.

### Find members : `find member`
Finds all members in the current team by name or by email and displays them in the member list.

If multiple words are provided, separated by spaces, e.g. `find member -n Alex Beatrice`, members with names containing
**either** the words "Alex" or "Beatrice" will be returned. This is the same for emails.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">
:information_source: **Note:** The search is **not** case-sensitive.
In other words, `find member -n alex` and `find member -n Alex` will return the same results.
</div>

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">
:information_source: **Note:** You can only find members using **either** emails or names. This means that you 

> should not use both `-n` and `-e` in the `find member` command. In essence, they are mutually exclusive. 

Reviewer: Yes either or

Edits a specified task in the current team. The task index is compulsory, while the other fields are optional and
will be overwritten accordingly.

Multiple assignees can be assigned at one time, by specifying the indices of each of the members, separated by spaces.
e.g. `edit task 1 -a 1 3 4` will assign members 1, 3 and 4.

> 

Reviewer: I dont get what you mean

- `delete task 1` will delete the first task of the current team.

### Mark tasks as done: `mark`

> Mark a specified task as done. To undo this command, see the `unmark` command below.

Reviewer: Will be resolved in #84

Format:

- `mark INDEX`

Examples:

- `mark 1` will mark the first task in the team as done.

### Unmark tasks as done: `unmark`

Mark a specified task as incomplete. This will undo the `mark` command.

Format:

- `unmark INDEX`

Examples:

- `unmark 1` will mark the first task in the team as incomplete.

### Find tasks : `find task`

> Find all tasks in the current team by name and displays them in the task list.

Reviewer: Will be resolved in #84

If multiple words are provided, separated by spaces, e.g. `find member -n Alex Beatrice`, members with names containing
**either** the words "Alex" or "Beatrice" will be returned.

To reset the task list, see `list tasks` command below.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">
:information_source: **Note:** The search is **not** case sensitive.
In other words, `find task -n project` and `find task -n Project` will return the same results.
</div>

Format:
* `find task -n TASK_NAME`

Examples
* `find task -n User Guide` finds tasks with **names** containing **either** the word "User" or "Guide".

### List tasks in team: `list tasks`

View all the tasks currently in the user’s team in the form of a list. List can also be filtered based on complete or
remaining tasks.

> The command `list tasks` can also be used to view all tasks again after the `find task` command has been run.

Reviewer 2: "... since the `find task` command will filter the tasks by some keyword(s)"

Format:

- `list tasks` will list all the tasks of the current team.
- `list tasks -i` will list all the incomplete tasks of the current team.
- `list tasks -c` will list all the completed tasks of the current team.

### View summary of task assignments in team: `summary`

View the number of tasks assigned to each user in the team.

Format:

- `summary`

> ### Sort tasks : `sort tasks`

Reviewer 2: Can I check why sort has `tasks` but find has `task`? We should probably standardise everything to use `task`?

Sorts all tasks in the current team by name and displays them in the task list

Format:
* `sort tasks ORDER`

Examples
* `sort tasks asc` sorts the tasks in **ascending** order.
* `sort tasks dsc` sorts the tasks in **descending** order.
* `sort tasks res` **resets** the order of the tasks shown.

### Filter tasks by team member : `tasksof`

> Find all tasks in the current team assigned to a particular team member.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Find all tasks in your current team that have been assigned to a particular team member.
```

Format:
* `tasksof MEMBER_INDEX`

Examples

> * `tasksof 1` will show all tasks assigned to the first member in the team's member list.

Reviewer 2: We might want to look through the formatting of our examples again to make sure its standardised.
```suggestion
* `tasksof 1` will show all tasks assigned to the first member in your current team's member list.
```

Examples:

> - `add link -n google -l https://google.com`

Reviewer 2: Add explanation for example.

Examples:

> - `edit link 1 -n facebook -l https://facebook.com`

Reviewer 2: Add explanation for example.

- `exit`

### Viewing help : `help`

Shows the URL to this help page, which will list all available commands.

Format:

- `help`

### Saving the data

TruthTable data is saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. There is no need to
save manually.

### Editing the data file

> TruthTable data is saved as a JSON file `[JAR file location]/data/addressbook.json`. Advanced users are welcome to

Reviewer 2: Is this intended? Can't we store it under `TruthTable.json` instead?

---

> # FAQ

Reviewer 2: Add more FAQs based on CS2101 feedback. Consider use-cases to come up with FAQs (and stalk other teams' UGs)

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another Computer?<br>
**A**: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with the file that contains
the data of your previous TruthTable home folder.

---

> # Command summary

Reviewer 2: Yet to be included (we should probably shift this to the top and include links from this summary table to all other commands) -> pretty sick navigability bonus points then!
